okay we'll walk through it I'll drop the
music all right grapevine grapevine
what's happening with the grapevine tell
you what let's go ahead and go side back
side front so normal grapevine is side
back side front side back side front now
here's something interesting about
grapevines which foot goes to the side
Erika's right foot so the lady's right
foot goes to the side the left foot goes
back which foot goes to the side the
right foot left foot goes front the
right foot goes to the side the right
foot goes to the side so the right foot
does the same thing side side side side
it's the other foot that crosses let's
do that maybe towards the camera I'll
keep it with the right foot so the right
foot stays on the line we're coming at
you madam here and here and here and
here and and I'm doing whatever with
mine now when we start we're going to
start in a closed position I'm gonna do
a side Rock to give me some energy so it
almost feels like I'm gonna do a throw
out back Rock and side back side front
side back side front in between her feet
step to the side and smack side back
side front from Miss Erika's point of
view when she goes around the corner I
think it feels just like a turning rip
fine so the guys feel like we step in
between and we started over again but
this is for the girls so back and back
front and back front and back and back
front back front and back
so I guess you could say we have two
backs because of the starter two backs
in a row on that yeah restarting it over
again right pointers for the ladies if
I'm going towards the mirror rock step
we don't want to turn a lot because this
isn't a solo action if you turn too much
let's see if I can overturn miss Erica
if you turn too much if you get crazy
with it just see it's going to disturb
the partnership I like when it just
glides down line of dance so the girl
for the most part is simply floating
down the line of dance if we did hip-hop
right she just floats down the line of
dance we can do it this way she's just
floating down the line of dance so not a
lot of twists see it has a nice smooth
action to it right so you're twisting
more in the hips cool what else there's
a little bit of tone in the arms but
it's not locked out it's not left out
anything else I can say on grapevines
staying on your side
thank you very much so what we have
let's say we're dancing waltz if we're
dancing waltz the lady would stay to my
right if she drifts across to the other
side were in trouble so if you know any
other dances the girl stays to the right
so what we need to do is make sure she
stays over on this window here's your
back rock that's a little weird with the
arm there yeah so this is a ballroom
training exercise to keep the girl over
so basically ladies make sure you stay
on the man's right if you cross over it
gets fishy now if you're coming around
the corner certainly yeah but stay to
the right here's the deal
if I know that we're gonna run out of
room the girls dance for styling and
distance the guys dance floor craft we
have to pay attention to what we're
going to hit their girls don't worry
about hitting things they just move so
the girl's gonna want to travel so if
we're in a compressed space we don't
have a lot of space I'm thinking that
red t-shirt and the stand we're going to
hit it she's thinking Express so I'm
thinking compress
and she compressed with me good now she
didn't get to express but we would have
hit that okay I think that's about it
for grapevine yeah